Project 1 - 2005 - First Sprint meeting notes
-Stephen Crocker


Meeting 1 (Oct 3)
Discussed scrum role meetings and developer roles. Did not start coding or finish any project organization, just role assignment.
Did not pick any roles, just trying to grasp entire project before proceeding.

Meeting 2 (Oct 4)
Further discussed roles and how we would proceed with roles.
Came up with Developer roles: Dev1 - Muhammad, Dev2 - Clinton, Dev3- Zuhair, Dev4- Ibrahim, Dev5- Stephen
Tried to figure out scrum master (new term to what seemed the whole group) and came up with the roles:
Stephen - Scrum master, Zuhair Note - Taker, and other to help on other aspects as well as help with Scrum and notes
We realized we should give everyone a chance with each role, and tried to switch it up amongst the future meetings.
In future sprints, should try to prepare scrum roles better

Meeting 3 (Oct 5)
Created KanBan board in class, discussed with professor what a KanBan board is a how to use one. 
Were planning on using trello but instead used github projects built in kanban.


Meeting 4 -not in class- (Oct 6)
Figured further how we would proceed with the project. Starting brainstorming and bouncing ideas to each other of what the end goal of the project.

# Meeting Notes

## October 12, 2023
**Recorded by:** Muhammad Usman
**Notes Submitted on:** October 19, 2023  
**SCRUM master:** Muhammad Usman 
**Venue:** EN2040
**Time:** 1:00 pm - 1:50 pm
**Attendance:** Stephen, Zuhair, Usman, Clinton, Ibrahim


- Conducted a comprehensive code review session, providing feedback to enhance the overall quality of our project's codebase.
- Addressed and deliberated on the identified bugs and issues, ensuring they are appropriately documented for prioritization in the backlog.
- Discussed upcoming tasks and outlined action items to be included in the project's KanBan to-do list, aligning our team for continued progress.
- Reviewed our timeline to ensure that we're on track to meet project deadlines.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*Recorded by:* Zuhair Mehdee
*Notes Submitted on:* 13 Oct 2023
*Venue:* EN2040
*Source:*
*SCRUM Master:* Stephen
*Attendance:* Stephen, Zuhair, Usman, Clinton, Ibrahim

## Agenda: 
- Decide developer roles
- Decide group deadlines
- Decide SCRUM master and note taker

## Dev roles

| Name   | Role                 |
|--------|----------------------|
|Stephen |Authentication        |
|Zuhair  |Data Modelling        |
|Usman   |Server Implementation |
|Clinton |App Logic             |
|Ibrahim |Frontend Framework    |
## SCRUM Master
Stephen

## Note-taker 
Zuhair 


# Meeting Notes

## October 14, 2023
**Recorded by:** Muhammad Usman
**Notes Submitted on:** October 19, 2023  
**SCRUM master:** Muhammad Usman 
**Venue:** EN2040
**Time:** 1:00 pm - 1:50 pm
**Attendance:** Stephen, Zuhair, Usman, Clinton, Ibrahim


- Explored strategies for combining individual code components into a cohesive software solution.
- Addressed any challenges or dependencies that may arise during the code integration process.
- Determined the compilation methods and tools that will be used to build the final executable or deployable application.
- Established a clear timeline for code integration and compilation tasks to ensure project milestones are met.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Meeting Notes

## October 16, 2023
**Recorded by:** Muhammad Usman
**Notes Submitted on:** October 19, 2023  
**SCRUM master:** Zuhair 
**Venue:** EN2040
**Time:** 1:00 pm - 2:30 pm
**Attendance:** Stephen, Zuhair, Usman, Clinton, Ibrahim


- Discussed project progress in an extended meeting after class, focusing on the team's overall understanding.
- Collaborated with Zuhair to streamline the integration of data.py and login_logic.py.
- Underlined how to use the server effectively so that all team members can use the server properly.


## Oct 18, 2023
**Recorded by:** Akwaka Clinton 
**Notes submiited on:** 19th October 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Akwaka Clinton
**Venue:** Online
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 5:40pm - 7:10pm
**Attendance:** Akwaka Clinton, Muhammad Usman, Ibrahim (**Absent:** Stephen, Zuhair)

During our recent collaboration, we engaged in in-depth discussions regarding the server implementation. Additionally, we invested our efforts in fine-tuning the frontend and exploring potential enhancements.


# Oct 19, 2023
**Recorded by:** Akwaka Clinton 
**Notes submiited on:** 19th October 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Akwaka Clinton
**Venue:** In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 1:50pm
**Attendance:** Akwaka Clinton, Muhammad Usman, Zuhair (**Absent:** Stephen, Ibrahim)

We had thorough discussions concerning the importance of code reviews and the strategies for implementing them effectively. Simultaneously, we made significant headway by commencing the groundwork for performance reviews, highlighting our team's commitment to continuous improvement and development.


# Meeting 2 - Oct 24, 2023
**Recorded by:** Zuhair 
**Notes submitted on:** 26th October 2023
**SCRUM master:** Stephen 
**Venue:** In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 1:50pm
**Attendance:** Zuhair, Stephen (**Absent:** Clinton, Muhammad, Ibrahim)

## Agenda:

- figure out which additional tasks the team will implement.
- start working with beaker session management.
- organize kanban board with first project draft. Add additional tasks as they come up.

## Outcomes
- Discussed how to proceed further with session management.
- Discussed between group and professor how to maintain proper organization without potential of bad grades or academic misconduct
- added new columns to kanban board: sprint 1 finish, session management. (these will have subtasks)
- added potential additional features for sprint two.
- discussed the matter of having different developers working on different areas of development. Conclusion: developers are free to in any are (e.g. backend/frontend) given that they have been assigned a task there. NOT required to stick to one area.
- Stephen and Zuhair started work on session management.
  

# Meeting Notes

## October 26, 2023
**Recorded by:** Muhammad Usman
**Notes Submitted on:** October 31, 2023  
**SCRUM master:** Clinton 
**Venue:** EN2040
**Time:** 1:00 pm - 1:50 pm
**Attendance:** Stephen, Zuhair, Usman, Clinton, (Absent: Ibrahim).

## Agenda

- Decide on new features.

## Outcome

- Discussed the possibility of mixing up the roles.
- Decided on adding comment that only our team can see and also decided to add like, bookmark, save and report feature. 
- Created separate columns for each developer in the Kanban board.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Meeting 4 - Oct 30, 2023
**Recorded by:** Zuhair 
**Notes submitted on:** 30th October 2023
**SCRUM master:** Clinton 
**Venue:** In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 1:50pm
**Attendance:** Zuhair, Clinton (**Absent:** Stephen, Muhammad, Ibrahim)

## Agenda:

- Resolve frontend issues
- Resolve minor database issues

## Outcomes

- Resolved frontend issues
- Fixed minor issues for getting comments in the database.

# Meeting Notes

## October 31, 2023
**Recorded by:** Muhammad Usman
**Notes Submitted on:** October 31, 2023  
**SCRUM master:** Clinton 
**Venue:** EN2040
**Time:** 1:00 pm - 1:50 pm
**Attendance:** Stephen,  Usman, Clinton, (Absent: Ibrahim, Zuhair).

## Agenda

- How to implement the Private team review method

## Outcome

- Decided that for now one person can own only one private team.
- Decided to use team id like 0 to represent the public reviews and id greater than 0 be considered as private reviews.
- Discussed how to implement the Private team review method in the server.
- Finally discussed how to implement this in the data base and also discussed how to implement few other methods

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


# Meeting - November 2, 2023
**Recorded by:** Stephen 
**Notes submitted on:** 2023 November, 2023 
**SCRUM master:** M.Usman
**Venue:** In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 1:50pm
**Attendance:** Zuhair, Stephen, Clinton, Muhammad (**Absent:**  Ibrahim)


- reviewed the marks for sprint 1. breifly decided how we would proceed with the next sprint to better marks. Did not get good clear feedback from professor about exactly what we did wrong in certain aspects of the previous sprint. Need to ask professor again about what to change for the next sprint to get better marks, as well as decide with group whether we want to push marks from sprint 1 to the end.


# Nov 4, 2023
**Recorded by:** Akwaka Clinton 
**Notes submiited on:** 5th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Ibrahim
**Venue:** Google Meet
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 12:00pm - 2:30pm
**Attendance:** Akwaka Clinton, Stephen, Ibrahim, Zuhair (**Absent:** Muhammad Usman)

**Agenda:**
Code Presentation
Code Reviews
Tasks for the frontend part of the "teams" feature 

**Outcome:**
 Did code review and pulled code from members: Zuhair, Stephen, Clinton, Ibrahim

- Code review proof shown in PL's as well as kanban board.
- Merged all codes to master, updating master to a new working version of the server with these added features:

- Basic session management
- Comments and app logic for comments
- Updated Html and CSS
- Updated data.py and init.sql for the teams and comments features

Also, Ibrahim, Stephen and Clinton made code presentations during the meeting
We discussed on how the "teams" feature should be displayed. The tentative coding task is just about good.


# Meeting Notes

## November 5, 2023
**Recorded by:** Muhammad Usman
**Notes Submitted on:** November 5, 2023  
**SCRUM master:** Clinton 
**Venue:** Online
**Time:** 5:45 pm - 7:30 pm
**Attendance:** Usman, Clinton, (Absent: Ibrahim, Zuhair, Stephen).

## Agenda

- Usman to do a code Presentation on his assigned tasks (tasks: Create a function that enables a team owner to add a user to the team. The data.py will be called directly from the server (no need to go through the app logic), Modify the “create” functions in the server to add the team_id parameter)
- Resolve the issues on master branch so the website runs perfectly.
- Document and resolve the issues that might arise from Usman's code.

## Outcome

- Usman did a code presentation on his assigned tasks and decided to make few changes in the code like removing return call in the add user to ream method and also added few lines of code in the create method in server.py.
- There were some issues in the master branch; when running the server, clicking on my draft or create draft  returns an error. These errors were resolved by making changes to server.py and review.py
- Clinton made some changes on his branch based on the outcome of Usman's coding task.


## Scrum Master Notes: M.Usman - Left for Ibrahim to complete


# Nov 6, 2023
**Recorded by:** Stephen Crocker 
**Notes submiited on:** 6th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** N/A
**Venue:** In Class
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 12:00pm - 
**Attendance:** Akwaka Clinton, Stephen, Zuhair (**Absent:** Ibrahim, Muhammad Usman)

**Agenda:**
Review code
Ask professor questions

**Outcome:**
 Discussed for most of the class with the professor how he would like the final product (mainly about ratings) as well as how we should proceed with: code reviews and kanban board.

Briefly reviewed usman push:


# Nov 7, 2023
**Recorded by:** Akwaka Clinton 
**Notes submiited on:** 8th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Muhammad Usman
**Venue:** In Class
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 12:00pm - 12:50pm
**Attendance:** Akwaka Clinton, Usman, Zuhair (**Absent:** Ibrahim, Stephen)

**Agenda:**
- Bug Fixes
- Discuss on the "rating" feature. Assign tasks if necessary
- Resolve issues with the Prof
- Confirm the team imposed deadline

**Outcome:**
- Fixed the session_id issue. We get the username from the session instead of defining it in the Reviewhandler class
- Unfortunately, we couldn't start the discussion on the "rating" feature, but Clinton was going to assign tasks on the kanban board after coming up with a way to develop it.
- The Prof was going to give us a feedback on the single-threaded issue with the BOTTLE server.
- We can confirm that the team imposed deadline would be on the 9th of November (We sent messages to absentees).
- An issue arose during the meeting (how to generate the teams the user belongs to). The issue were converted into tasks on the kanban board and they were assigned accordingly


# Nov 8, 2023
**Recorded by:** Akwaka Clinton 
**Notes submiited on:** 10th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Zuhair
**Venue:** Google Meet/In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 2:00pm, 4pm - 7pm
**Attendance:** Akwaka Clinton, Stephen, Ibrahim, Zuhair, Muhammad Usman

**Agenda:**
- Code Presentation for the rating feature
- Code Reviews on pull requests made
- Bug Fixes
- Discuss the architecture document design and the process model analysis

**Outcome:**
- Code presentations were made during the meeting by Ibrahim, Clinton, and Usman.
- Code reviews were made to Pull requests by Ibrahim, Clinton, and Usman.
- Pushed reviewed codes to master, and confirmed that unit test codes were all passing upon merge.
- Tasked the team with a detailed architectural design of their interface. A vague architectural design showing all components is also available on the architecture folder
- Clinton fixed a bug on the server branch relating to the loggedInUser["id"] variable and session management 
- 






# Nov 14, 2023
**Recorded by:** Zuhair
**Notes submiited on:** 14th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Stephen
**Venue:** In person EN2040
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 2:00pm, 4pm - 7pm
**Attendance:** Stephen, Zuhair, Muhammad Usman

**Agenda:**
- Figure out new features for Sprint 3
- Discuss remaning issues from Sprint 2

**Outcome:**
- Decided to try and clear the backlog first. 
- Decided on all features. Need other members input on them.
- New features:
    - Encrypted passwords
    - Average ratings
    - Like/Dislike comment

- Need to fix from previous sprint:
    - currently no way to edit drafts and post them after.
    - drafts page doesn't work minor naming error.

- To discuss in next meeting
    - microservice architecture


# Nov 16, 2023
**Recorded by:** Usman
**Notes submiited on:** 16th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Zuhair
**Venue:** Google Meet/In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 2:00pm
**Attendance:**  Stephen, Zuhair, Muhammad Usman, (Absent:Akwaka Clinton, Ibrahim )

**Agenda:**
- Rebasing the master branch.
- Removing things from backlog on Kanban.
- Check code to make sure everything is working properly before proceed with sprint 3 features.
  

**Outcome:**
- Rebased Stephen's and Usman's branch with the master branch.
- When running the code after rebasing there were some errors in the code like method names from review.py were not matching with the methods name in the server.py, so we solved those errors.
- Checked if there is anything in the backlog of Kanban board, and tried to get some of that done.




# Nov 20, 2023
**Recorded by:** Stephen
**Notes submiited on:** 20th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Muhammad Usman
**Venue:** Google Meet/In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 2:00pm
**Attendance:**  Stephen, Muhammad Usman, (Absent:Akwaka Clinton, Zuhair, Ibrahim )

**Agenda:**
- Discuss microarchitechture and watch professor video to trying to understand with
- Talked about kanban board. Waiting for other members to double check if certain items can be remove from kanban.
- Did PR for usman to master branch. adding meeting notes for Nov 16 and updating the server.py

  **Outcome:**
- Must continue to research the microarchitecture on individual time and then each member discuss as a group
- Some other errors and things that need to be fixed on server
- Complete minor tasks and debugging while waiting for sprint 2 marks. Research Micro architecture and try to understand and then use marks from sprint 2 to build on.

# Nov 21, 2023
**Recorded by:** Usman
**Notes submiited on:** 21st November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Clinton
**Venue:** In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 2:00pm
**Attendance:**  Muhammad Usman, Akwaka Clinton, Zuhair (Absent:, Ibrahim, Stephen )

**Agenda:**
- Discuss what task should be assigned to everyone.
- Discuss about any remaining features from sprint 2.

  **Outcome:**
- For now we decided that stephen would work on making the password private, zuhair work on solving issues in our code and Usman, Clinton work on implementing   
  new features and Ibrahim work on Data base.
- Discussed about finishing implementing features like average rating for reviews from sprint 2.

# Nov 23, 2023
**Recorded by:** Clinton
**Notes submiited on:** 23th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Muhammad Usman
**Venue:** In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 2:00pm
**Attendance:**  Stephen, Muhammad Usman, Akwaka Clinton (Absent: Zuhair, Ibrahim )

**Agenda:**
- Met and discussed how team was proceeding with project. Decide on features and methods for proceeding. Check code review and micro architecture.

  **Outcome:**
- We decided that the feature like/dislike a comment would be removed and replaced with having an anonymous feature. 
- The user would not have to have an account created and simply be able to access the website and post as an anonymous user. 

# Nov 27, 2023
**Recorded by:** Usman
**Notes submiited on:** 27th November 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Stephen
**Venue:** In person
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 1:00pm - 2:00pm
**Attendance:** Akwaka Clinton, Stephen, Muhammad Usman, (Absent: Ibrahim, Zuhair )

**Agenda:**
- Discuss adding one more feature for sprint 3.
- Check if all that all our rating methods are working

**Outcome:**
- Decided to add Like/Dislike feature for our sprint 3.(Tentative)
- Also decided that usman will make a forget password page in html.
- And usman will implement the forget password method in the server.
- Tested all the rating methods like get rating by review_id and get average rating and all of them are running properly as expected.


# Dec 3, 2023
**Recorded by:** Ibrahim
**Notes submiited on:** 3rd December 2023 
**SCRUM master:** Clinton
**Venue:** Online 
**Source:** Null 
**Time:** 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm
**Attendance:**  Muhammad Usman, Akwaka Clinton, Ibrahim Mohamed, Stephan (Absent:, Zuhair)

**Agenda:**
- Code reviews and presentation.
- Final decision on the third feature

  **Outcome:**

- Reviewed all members code and merged it
- We decided that we should add a "Forgot/Change Password" feature which allows users to change their password if they can't remember

- Reviewed Clintons work and merged it, the teams feature.
